Of course, it's a part of the family that I remember as a child.
It went over on a train, going over the road, you know.
It was the very last...
Yeah, it was... again, it must have been pretty close then, as I say, end of 1953.
It must have been, it was one of the last.
And I remember it moving, the effect going on.
You know, we'd gone over the rider, and it was like...
It was rocky, I suppose it was, but it appeared as a child, you know,
that the thing was really scary.
We'd put it out with the water, and it closed then.
They used to say that it cost more money to maintain it,
and then we picked it to one end, and it has to start all over again.
And I sincerely hope you have great luck,
and that somebody, some kind of entrepreneur will have enough sense
to realise that, you know, that that building should be preserved.
It would be lovely if some small enterprises,
I thought some of the ideas that were put forward when I came over to the fair
the other day, they had, I thought were brilliant, absolutely brilliant.
I thought they were sensible, logical,
and there was obviously a lot of thought had gone into them,
and trying to bring back old skills as well, and that was one of the ideas.
They still had the tip on top of the pants, you know,
and that's been all been regenerating, covered over.
I look out now onto a pleasant valley.
I originally came from Orkdale in the Sowie River.
It was known as the Black River when I was a child.
Norfishing it, it was absolutely filthy with the wash we had in Orkdale.
I mean, some of the salt used to go down, the cold salt used to go down into the river,
hence the name Black River.